we do not have this tablet
7-inch chrono
model 70 20 which has arrived because
does not want to load and the first thing we're going
to do is a very simple review
let's try in this case how many
has the battery at this time we are going to
place the multimeter on the 20 scale
and in voltage measurement we will see that
have
they brought it with 2.40 what they did not light
neither the tablet nor the charger was capable of
revive the and yacanto of 7 349 without
However, with this voltage,
turn on the table and if you get to turn on
it would go off immediately because here
says that this capacity this battery of
3.7 volts should have that that voltage
to be able to turn on the tablet and have
a capacity of 3400 milliamps of
durability
what is an average plus or minus 3 to
5 hours of use of the tablet
and what we have to do are two things
and we have a source of power then
we will be able to if the tablet has the
completely dead battery where I
we gave and did not have any voltage
then disconnect and wire the cables
we would then load another download
initial to the tablet to the battery
we would connect directly positive with
positive and negative with negative
we would place our our source of
power the source of power is this that
we see there we put it in a voltage of
3.7 to 4 volts so that another is the
battery takeoff
we wait for one or two minutes here not
we are going to be able to let it charge because
we could damage the source of force that
it's not for charging batteries but
simply to deliver them let's say that
we take it off then the second thing that
let's do is a reading if the
charger is failing because here the
client has brought it because it does not charge
we connect the charger and we will take
a voltage reading is action of the
soldered the battery
give an average between four and a half
between four and a half
at 3.7 volts in this case it does not give anything
meaning that this charger there what
I have connected to the outlet is not sending
voltage and there is the fault the client this
says he charges a cell phone with this
but here no voltage is bouncing
since this charger must be so that
charge normally and receive the battery
It has to be from
5 volts to 2000 milliamps and you
we connect a cell phone charger that
are 1000 of 800 milliamperes the
tablet going to load around there 10 or 15
percent and never charge all your
whole here I will do a test
of the voltage that goes in when you plugged it in
to the usb
for you to look
as it is when the charger was
all right
I'm going here to do the voltage tap we see
that there are four points 18 volts this
voltage is correct
4 points 18 volts then wants
say the pin the voltage is good and
the whole circuit is good because I
the proper voltage is coming here
the problem is the charger and in this
case the client has already tried it with another
charger and I will not charge you because the battery
it was discharged the whole was left at zero or
was left with a voltage so poor that
I would need an original charger to
that the tablet feed the battery and
over there the 20 or 40 minutes the tablet
could revive then here we go to
watch
I'm going to connect
the battery again and after
have taken it off if we do not have a
We can take off the source in a
Universal charger we can weld two
cables and cough or try as we can
to be able to make contact between the positive and
negative and start charging the battery in
a universal charger everyone knows
the universal charger is a charger
cell batteries and there we can
load now we see here
that there was a 4.10 voltage but something that
he connected the battery then that voltage
is reduced because the battery is already
consuming and is storing in your
inside and that's why he came to 3.53 at what
the battery will go up that voltage that
glass goes up there we go 54 go 55
and so on until you reach your full capacity
yes then we try to turn on the tablet
there are connected already then now yes
would light because the battery is
taking charge
the theory is taking charge
remember if the battery does not have 3.7 and
has 3.6 and down will not turn on the
tablet if the battery is bad and the
we connect to our our computer
and turn on and off then it can be
the battery that is damaged we can
revive the to be able to give this load
initial back to the battery there we see
already turned on the tablet gave us a notice
that it is downloaded
and then we see that the battery is
totally downloaded would have that
present before going to do other things
and before us to finish another
bezel failure arauca service
professional technician in mobile telephony and
tablets